= FeedSpeaker

Uses the Mac's TTS functionality to read your RSS feeds to you.


== Install

Be sure to use sudo for your gem installation if necessary! Since
this is Mac only, really, THIS MEANS YOU! ;p

  git clone git://github.com/bratta/feedspeaker.git
  gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
  # Skip activerecord if you already have rails 2+ installed
  gem install sanitize htmlentities bratta-mactts rspec activerecord
  
Then edit your config/database.yml and config/feeds.yml to your liking
  
  cd /path/to/cloned/feedspeaker
  rake db:migrate
  
After that, call "rake speak" or add it to cron:
  
  0 * * * * cd /path/to/code; /usr/bin/rake speak > /dev/null


== Usage

This program fetches RSS feeds and will audibly read them to you,
keeping track of which ones have been read. It will also allow 
you to specifiy a number of items to read so if your RSS feed 
is busy, it won't be reading to you all afternoon. 

It uses the bratta-mactts gem from github as well as a lot of 
other utilities to make it play nice, such as ActiveRecord. It was
tested with ActiveRecord 2.3.2 but doesn't use anything real fancy
so it *should* work with anything 2+. YMMV

The database.yml does not utilize environments, as I'm not deploying
this code anywhere other than cloning it to my machine, but you can
most certainly add in environmentally-awareness-titude to AR and 
play with it until your heart is content.

The feeds.yml file is pretty basic. And there's no checking for 
missing attributes, so don't remove any of the settings from there;
just fiddle with them as much as you want. You should be able to add
as many feeds as you want, but keep in mind that it will speak the
"speak_only" setting for EACH feed, so it can add up really quick.

I don't expect this to be useful to anyone. This was mainly done 
as an exercise in playing with the mactts gem and wanting to have
a bit of fun with Ruby outside of Rails. If you find use, I'm 
glad. Feel free to fork and do what you wish.


== License

Copyright (c) 2009 Tim Gourley
 
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
